README.md, before:

# Langaw

![](https://jap.alekhin.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/background-anchor.png)

Langaw is an endless tap game featured in the game development tutorial by Japa Alekhin Llemos in [jap.alekhin.io](https://jap.alekhin.io).

The tutorial series is split into multiple parts focusing on certain stages of game development.

Using Flutter as the base framework and the [Flame](https://github.com/luanpotter/flame) plugin for it that is simple yet powerful enough to let you create all sorts of games.

## Getting Started

1. [Set up a playable game](https://jap.alekhin.io/2d-casual-mobile-game-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-1)

0. [Graphics and animation](https://jap.alekhin.io/game-graphics-and-animation-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-2)

0. [Views and dialog boxes](https://jap.alekhin.io/views-dialog-boxes-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-3)

0. *Scoring, storage, and sound (still writing)*

0. *Finishing up and packaging (still writing)*

## Demo Videos

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/_BlANH2wUj0/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BlANH2wUj0 "Langaw Game Demo 1 - Flame/Flutter Game Making Tutorial")

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/DTwmKUUOQCE/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTwmKUUOQCE "Langaw Game - Flame/Flutter Game Making Tutorial (Part 2, Demo 1)")

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/-yJCJBQE3cg/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yJCJBQE3cg "Langaw Game - Flame/Flutter Game Making Tutorial (Part 2, Demo 2)")

Commit message:

updated readme for new cover image and patreon link

README.md, after:

# Langaw

![](https://jap.alekhin.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/update-highscore-test.jpg)

Langaw is an endless tap game featured in the game development tutorial by Japa Alekhin Llemos in [jap.alekhin.io](https://jap.alekhin.io).

The tutorial series is split into multiple parts focusing on certain stages of game development.

Using Flutter as the base framework and the [Flame](https://github.com/luanpotter/flame) plugin for it that is simple yet powerful enough to let you create all sorts of games.

## Support

Please support my work by becoming a patron on Patreon.

[![](https://jap.alekhin.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/become-patron-button.png)](https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=6507717)

## Getting Started

1. [Set up a playable game](https://jap.alekhin.io/2d-casual-mobile-game-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-1)
0. [Graphics and animation](https://jap.alekhin.io/game-graphics-and-animation-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-2)
0. [Views and dialog boxes](https://jap.alekhin.io/views-dialog-boxes-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-3)
0. [Scoring, storage, and sound](https://jap.alekhin.io/scoring-storage-sound-tutorial-flame-flutter-part-4)
0. *Finishing up and packaging (still writing)*

## Demo Videos

* [Demo video for Part 1](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BlANH2wUj0 "Langaw Game Demo 1 - Flame/Flutter Game Making Tutorial")
* [Demo video 1 for Part 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTwmKUUOQCE "Langaw Game - Flame/Flutter Game Making Tutorial (Part 2, Demo 1)")
* [Demo video 2 for Part 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yJCJBQE3cg "Langaw Game - Flame/Flutter Game Making Tutorial (Part 2, Demo 2)")
